README.md, before:

# Jellyfish Worker

Jellyfish workers are in charge of consuming action requests from the queue,
executing them, and reporting back the results. This module provides an lower
level interface to write a worker server. The intention is that we can write
multiple types of workers, optimised for different tasks using a single shared
framework.

# Usage

Below is an example how to use this library:

```js
const Worker = require('@balena/jellyfish-worker');

const worker = new Worker(
	jellyfish,
	jellyfish.sessions.admin,
	actionLibrary,
	consumer,
);
await worker.initialize(context);

const id = worker.getId();
console.log(`Worker ID: ${worker.getId()}`);
```

# Documentation

[![Publish Documentation](https://github.com/product-os/jellyfish-worker/actions/workflows/publish-docs.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/product-os/jellyfish-worker/actions/workflows/publish-docs.yml)

Visit the website for complete documentation: https://product-os.github.io/jellyfish-worker

# Testing

The integration tests require a postgres DB and redis server. The simplest way to run the tests locally is with docker-compose.

```
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml up --build
```

The tests can then be run from your host with:

```
LOGLEVEL=warn POSTGRES_USER=docker POSTGRES_PASSWORD=docker make test-integration
```

Commit message:

patch: Migrate worker/action integration tests from main Jellyfish repo
This PR also converts the tests to jest and converts them to Typescript.
We should consider if these tests should be placed alongside the actions
they actually test in the action-library repo, however this conversion
process is a valuable step in any case.

Signed-off-by: Lucian Buzzo <lucian.buzzo@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Jellyfish Worker

Jellyfish workers are in charge of consuming action requests from the queue,
executing them, and reporting back the results. This module provides an lower
level interface to write a worker server. The intention is that we can write
multiple types of workers, optimised for different tasks using a single shared
framework.

# Usage

Below is an example how to use this library:

```js
const Worker = require('@balena/jellyfish-worker');

const worker = new Worker(
	jellyfish,
	jellyfish.sessions.admin,
	actionLibrary,
	consumer,
);
await worker.initialize(context);

const id = worker.getId();
console.log(`Worker ID: ${worker.getId()}`);
```

# Documentation

[![Publish Documentation](https://github.com/product-os/jellyfish-worker/actions/workflows/publish-docs.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/product-os/jellyfish-worker/actions/workflows/publish-docs.yml)

Visit the website for complete documentation: https://product-os.github.io/jellyfish-worker

# Testing

Unit tests can be easily run with the command `npm test`. This will run all unit tests (found in the `/lib` folder).

The integration tests require a postgres DB and redis server. The simplest way to run the tests locally is with docker-compose.

```
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml up --build
```

The tests can then be run from your host with:

```
LOGLEVEL=warn POSTGRES_USER=docker POSTGRES_PASSWORD=docker make test-integration
```
